DISCLAIMER
----------
This BSD filesystem for AmigaDOS was derived in part from the 1983
BSD 4.2 paper, "A Fast File System for UNIX" - Marshall Kirk McKusick,
William N. Joy, Samuel J. Leffler, Robert S. Fabry of the University
of California at Berkeley (Computer Systems Research Group).  In 1994,
enhancements made to the FFS implementation in the BSD 4.4 Fast File
System.  As of 2018, it now also supports the BSD FFS V1 filesystem,
in either big endian or little endian mode.

A modified version of the Berkeley BSD Tahoe (and NetBSD current)
include files are used as part of this program.  However, not until
2018 was the Berkeley ufs filesystem source code consulted for ideas,
techniques, algorithms, or other such aid in the development of this
filesystem.  Because of this, the filesystem is claimed to be compatible
only with regard to data structure and not necessarily organization nor
algorithmic policies.

The programs fsck, newfs, dump, dumpfs, disklabel, and tunefs were
ported from NetBSD source dated November 4, 1994.  Restore was ported
from NetBSD source dated October 1, 1995.  All software ports to AmigaOS
were done by solely by Chris Hooper.  The programs were modified heavily
to accommodate AmigaDOS devices and reduce the system stack requirements.
Because of this, a warning must be observed that the operation of these
programs may not be identical to that of their original sources, and
may perform incorrectly with respect to the original implementation.

The programs BFFStool, chown, chmod, dbprint, dcp, edumpfs, ln, ls,
mknod, rdb, sync, touch, and umount are utilities created originally
to support development of the filesystem.  Much effort has been placed
on the implementations to operate in the "expected" manner for users
coming from a UNIX platform.  As with the rest of the software in this
distribution it is not expressed or implied these utilities will perform
to any standards or set expectations.

All aforementioned programs may do more harm than good to affected media.
I, in no way, guarantee correctness of the product and will not be held
responsible for its use (or misuse).  This includes all damages incurred,
including loss of business or property.

This package and support utilities represent a culmination (much off
and much on) of more than five years work on my part.  All development
was done on my own equipment, and in my spare time.  In no way shall
my employers, past or present, be granted claim to ownership or the
responsibilities thus implied by this software distribution.


PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION
--------------------
This product and individual contents thereof are Copyright (©) 1991 - 2018
inclusively by Chris Hooper.  No part of this product is Public Domain
nor may be treated as such.  This product is not Commercial Software,
Public Domain, or Shareware.  It is best described by the term Freeware.
The terms and obligations of Freeware are simple and non-monetary;
if they cannot be met, you must completely erase / destroy this package.


Terms of ownership
------------------
  1. You do not modify or remove, then distribute any part of this package
     (other than spelling corrections ;)
  2. You report bugs to me directly if they really drive you nuts.
  3. You understand that it's unlikely I'll fix bugs on software this old.


Terms of distribution
---------------------
    1. All terms of ownership are met.
    2. All files included in the distribution of this package are
       redistributed together unmodified as the same package.
    3. No fee other than reasonable repackaging is charged for this
       product.  Organizations that wish to charge for this package or
       include any part of this package in their own for sale package
       must contact me and obtain approval.  The following are granted
       exclusive unlimited distribution rights.  They may charge what
       they see fit with no royalties.
            Ty Sarna for inclusion in any NetBSD distribution
            Markus Wild for inclusion in any NetBSD distribution
            Fred Fish for inclusion in any Fish disk distribution
            Aminet Internet free software archive

Thank you to the Internet community for enriching my life and providing
such lofty programming challenges.  Thank you especially to those people
who have helped as Beta testers and others that helped make my programs
better.  Special thanks to Ken Dyke and Randell Jesup of the past Commodore
Business Machines.


Chris Hooper  (amiga@cdh.eebugs.com)
